chore(docs): Add RAG use case (#2374)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/recipes/pages/ai/rag-authorization/index.adoc

      "region": "EMEA"
    }
  },
  "resource": {
    "kind": "project",
  },
  "action": "read",
}
----

The Query Plan generated by Cerbos would then include the following conditions - note that the actual response is completely dynamic and depends on the user's identity and the policy defined in Cerbos:

[source, json]
----
{
  "action": "read",
  "resourceKind": "project",
  "filter": {
    "kind": "KIND_CONDITIONAL",
    "condition": {
      "expression": {
        "operator": "and",
        "operands": [
          {
            "expression": {
              "operator": "eq",
              "operands": [
                {
                  "variable": "request.resource.attr.department"
                },
                {
                  "value": "FINANCE"
                }
              ]
            }
          },
          {
            "expression": {
              "operator": "eq",
              "operands": [
                {
                  "variable": "request.resource.attr.region"
                },
                {
                  "value": "EMEA"
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> This set of conditions then can be converted into a metadata filter that can be applied to the vector store query to ensure that only the data that the user is authorized to access is retrieved. Each vector store has it's own syntax for defining filters, but in the case of https://www.trychroma.com/[Chroma], this would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This set of conditions then can be converted into a metadata filter that can be applied to the vector store query to ensure that only the data that the user is authorized to access is retrieved. Each vector store has its own syntax for defining filters. With the popular https://www.trychroma.com/[Chroma] database system, a filter looks as follows.
```

[source, json]
----
{
  "$and": [
    {"department": "FINANCE"},
    {"region": "EMEA"}
  ]
}
----

> With this filter in place, any documents retired from the vector store would be limited to those that match the user's department and region, ensuring that the LLM only receives data that the user is authorized to access before passing it into the prompt and onto the LLM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this filter in place, any documents retired from the vector store would be limited to those that match the user's department and region, ensuring that the LLM only receives data that the user is authorized to access.
```

> == Conclusion
> 
> Implementing authorization in RAG-based AI systems is crucial to ensure that sensitive data is not exposed to unauthorized users. Cerbos can be used to enforce authorization policies on the data retrieval step in the RAG architecture, ensuring that the LLM only retrieves data that the user is authorized to access. By leveraging Cerbos Query Plan, companies can provide the LLM with sufficient context without violating privacy and authorization policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Implementing authorization in RAG-based AI systems is crucial to ensure that sensitive data is not exposed to unauthorized users. By leveraging Cerbos query plan, companies can ensure that their LLM use cases don't inadvertently violate privacy and data security requirements.
```
